meamseq
-------

Usage:

meamseq -p x,y -m msequence-file-name -o order -d dotsize -r rows -c columns \
        -t frames-per-term [-v] [-K] [-T] [-a]

[ arguments in brackets are optional; all others required ]

x,y : screen position, in pixels, of the center of the grid pattern. 
      The center of the screen is (0,0), and x is positive-going-right, 
      y is positive-going-up.
msequence-file-name : the path to a text file containing the m-sequence. 
                      The file should contain only '0' and '1', and no extraneous 
                      spaces or newlines. There should be EXACTLY (2**order - 1) 
                      characters in the file. A relative path name is relative to
                      the directory from which you start the application. Full path 
                      names are OK.
order : the order of the msequence. There are 2**order - 1 terms in the sequence. 
        Our "standard" m-sequence has order 15.
dotsize : the size in pixels of each square in the grid pattern
rows : the number of rows in the grid pattern
columns : the number of columns in the grid pattern
frames-per-term : the number of video frames for each term in the sequence 


INPUT TRIGGERS
--------------

The options "-T" and "-a" are related to how the program looks for input triggers. 
If neither option is specified, the program will prepare to show the msequence and 
display the following:

    Hit S  to start msequence.

A capital "S" keystroke (no Enter required) will start the sequence. The capital letter
is required to lessen  the likelihood of inadvertently starting the sequence. 

After the sequence is started, the following is displayed:

    Hit q to abort msequence.
    
The letter "q" (no Enter required) will stop the sequence. 

Using the "-T" option on the command line causes the program to use its input triggering
system. This system can be used in two modes: digital and ascii. To use ascii triggering, 
specify "-a". If "-a" is omitted, binary triggering will be used. 

Ascii triggers are keystrokes (Enter required)

"s" - start (or restart) sequence
"X" - stop sequence
"q" - stop sequence and quit program


Binary triggers are TTL pulses on the digital input lines. 

"s" - vsgDIG1 set HI
"X" - vsgDIG1 set LO
"q" - vsgDIG7 set HI


OUTPUT TRIGGERS
---------------

Frame triggers are put out on vsg digital output line 0. These triggers are put out at the 
onset time of each term in the sequence (not at every frame - this is important if you use
'frames_per_term' not equal to 1). There is one extra trigger put out at the end of the 
last term in the sequence. Thus, for an order-15 sequence (32767 terms) you will find 32768
trigger pulses on the trigger output line. This is a convenience for data extraction - each 
pair of adjacent trigger times is the stimulus period for a single term in the sequence. 




TESTING MODE
------------

The "-K" option runs the program in a testing mode - normally not useful in the lab. 
The following options are available:

'a' : show aperture
'n' : no aperture
'm' : run the msequence in its entirety
<number> : place this term in the sequence in the aperture window on screen. Use this to display
           a particular term or terms in the sequence. 
'q' : quit


EXAMPLE
-------
meamseq -m MSequenceTerms -o 15 -p 0,0 -r 16 -c 16 -t 1 -d 4 -v

Runs the msequence in the file 'MSequenceTerms', centered at the center of the screen, 
with 16x16 grid, 1 frame per term. Will ask for "S" to start the sequence, and "q" to end. 