AcuteFlash-Chapman
------------------

This spike2 script will generate a full-field solid-color stimulus with a repeating pattern. 

The colors black, gray and white can be used. A repeating pattern of up to 4 of these colors
can be specified, with each color appearing on the screen for a length of time that you
can specify.

The entire sequence of full-field flash colors will be repeated as many times as you require. 


The dialog has the following fields:

Number of Channels: 1-8, the number of DAQ channels you are using. Assumes that you use analog
                    ports 0, 1, 2, ..., in that order. If you are using just one channel, 
                    specify 1 here and make sure your electrode output goes to the analog input
                    port 0 on the 1401. If you use two channels, specify 2 here and make sure
                    your electrode outputs are in analog input ports 0 and 1 on the 1401. 

Number of repeats : How many times you want the pattern to repeat. 

Color n
Time(s) n         : There are 4 sets of entries, numbered 1-4. The color dropdown can be NONE, 
                    Black, Gray or White. The script will generate a pattern using each of the 
                    color dropdowns until it encounters one that is NONE. You must specify the 
                    colors starting from 1. Any color dropdowns after the first NONE found will 
                    be ignored. The Time(s) field is the time in seconds that this color will 
                    be on screen. 

                    Example: You want Black(1s)/Gray(1s)/White(1s)/Gray(1s)

                    Color 1 - Black
                    Time 1 - 1
                    Color 2 - Gray
                    Time 2 - 1
                    Color 3 - White
                    Time 3 - 1
                    Color 4 - Gray
                    Time 4 - 1


                    Example: Gray(0.5s)/White(1s)/Black(1s)

                    Color 1 - Gray
                    Time 1 - 0.5
                    Color 2 - White
                    Time 2 - 1
                    Color 3 - Black
                    Time 3 - 1
                    Color 4 - NONE
                    Time 4 - doesn't matter - ignored
                   


AcuteFlash-Chapman-Extract
--------------------------

This script will extract transition times for the color flash script files. The data file must be 
the current open file in Spike2. Position the script file behind the data window so you can hit the 
"run script" button while the data file is visible. 

The script will create a text file in the same folder as the data file (thus you must have write access
to that folder when you run the script). The text file has the same base name as the data file, 
with a ".trg" extension. 

The trg file has time values, one per line, for the extracted transition times. There will be one 
extra trg time at the end of the sequence indicating when the last term ended. This means that when
you load the file you can use each subsequent pair of times as the period when a particular color
was on screen. For example, if you have a 4-color pattern and you do 3 repeats you will have 3*4+1=13 
trigger times for the 12 full-screen flashes. 

Which came first?
-----------------

There is a text mark in the data file (in Spike2 it shows up as a yellow box in channel 30) at or near
the start of data acquisition. The text in this box will be a combination of the letters "B", "W", and "G".
Their order is the order of the colors flashed on the screen for a single repeat. So, the first time 
interval - the time between the first and second trigger times extracted - corresponds to the first
letter/color in this text mark. The second letter is the second time interval extracted, and so on. 
Only one sequence - a single repeat - is shown in the text mark, regardless of the number of repeats
you requested. 

