msequence
-------

Usage: [bracketed items are optional, all others required]

msequence -f msequence_file -d dotsize -p x,y -t frames_per_term [-o order] [-r rows] [-c columns] [-a] [-v] [-V] [-T first,last]

-p x,y: x,y represent the screen position, in pixels, of the center of the grid pattern. 
      The center of the screen is (0,0), and x is positive-going-right, 
      y is positive-going-up.
-f msequence-file : the path to a text file containing the m-sequence. 
                      The file should contain only '0' and '1', and no extraneous 
                      spaces or newlines. There should be EXACTLY (2**order - 1) 
                      characters in the file
-d dotsize : the size in pixels of each square in the grid pattern
-t frames_per_term : the number of video frames for each term in the sequence 

----optional stuff below --------

-a : (optional) if present, use ascii triggers (i.e. from keyboard, NOT from dig inputs)
-o order : (optional, default 15) the order of the msequence. 
           There MUST BE  2**order - 1 terms in 'msequence_file'. 
           Our "standard" m-sequence (filename MSequenceTerms) has order 15.
-r rows : (optional, default 16) the number of rows in the grid pattern
-c columns : (optional, default 16) the number of columns in the grid pattern
-R repeats : (optional) number of times the sequence should run. default is 1.
-T first,last : (optional) just show a subsequence, starting at 'first' term and ending at 'last'. Sequence terms numbered 
                starting at 0.
-v : verbose output. Prints some useful information about your VSG/Visage, your screen size and the sequence parameters. 

INPUT Triggers:

Ascii trigger option (-a) causes the program to look for signals from the keyboard to start and stop the sequence. There are
two keys:
"s" - start sequence
"X" - stop sequence
"q" - stop sequence and quit program

Without ascii triggers the program will expect TTL trigger inputs on the digital input pins.

"s" - DIGIN1 (0x2) - set this pin HI to start sequence
"X" - DIGIN1 (0x0) - set this pin LO to stop sequence
"q" - DIGIN7 (0x80) - set this pin HI to quit program


OUTPUT triggers: 

Frame triggers (sent at the start of each term in the sequence) are put on DIGOUT0 - digital output 0. A full sequence will have one
extra trigger at the end which indicates the start of the first blank screen following the last term in the sequence. For example, 
the "standard" sequence of 32767 terms will have 32768 triggers - one for the start of each term in the sequence, and a final 
trigger which shows the end of the last term. This is a convenience for counting spikes offline - you know the start and end of 
each term.

Limitations: 

There are limitations which involve the screen resolution your VSG/Visage is configured for, the dots size and the grid size
(both columns and rows). The command line below will work fine on a screen configured for 800x600. YMMV.


Example: 

msequence -f MSequenceTerms -a -p 0,0 -d 16 -t 4 -v

This will run the sequence contained in the file 'MSequenceTerms'. The order of the sequence is 15 (this is a check on the length of the sequence).
The grid will be 16x16, centered on the screen. The individual dots are 16 pixels in size. 



